2019-08-05: Improve PromptMonitor to inform you when a
command starts and ends.

2019-08-05: Update cls to include example that clears the
current tab only, by Dmitry Koterov

2019-08-05: Update 'path' variable when we poll a working
directory. Issue 8038

2019-08-05: Remove accidental newline

2019-08-05: Only offer to reset terminal when hostname
changes, not user name. Issue 8030

2019-08-05: Set window type after calling
replaceWindowWithWindowOfType. Fixes a bug where traditional
fullscreen windows didn't go all the way to the top of the
screen

2019-08-05: Fix a bug where the window size after exiting
traditional fullscreen wasn't the same size as before
entering fullscreen. Issue 8027

2019-08-05: Fix a bug where advanced pref text values were
not visible. CHERRY PICK INTO 3.1.1

2019-08-05: Add advanced pref to increase space between
stoplights and first tab in compact/minimal. Issue 8021

2019-08-05: Include tab title/tmux window name in open
quickly along with session name. Issue 8018

2019-08-05: Add number variable to window scope.

2019-08-05: When setting a variable to its current value, do
not return an error.

2019-08-05: Add disk space status bar example

2019-08-05: When exiting Lion full screen, set the
windowType after calling updatWindowForWindowType: to ensure
the window is replaced. See comment in issue 7988

2019-08-05: Move tmux status bar setting out of advanced
prefs

2019-08-05: Add support for navigating to a split pane in a
direction. Issue 8014.

Also bumps the lib version *and* protocol version to 1.0.

2019-08-05: Poll tmux for the working directory in
integration mode. Issue 8020

2019-08-05: Add c1 tests

2019-08-05: Remove it2api (it's now in the website repo) and
move the test shell script into tests

2019-08-05: Fix failing tests

2019-08-05: Show window size in overlay view when there is
no title bar.

2019-08-05: Add support for C1 control codes.

2019-08-05: Show bezels in text fields in advanced prefs.
Issue 8003

2019-08-05: Fix the badge preview. The sizes used were all
wrong. Also indicate the the margins are in points in the
UI.

2019-08-05: Fix autoresizing mask of font picker in badge
config window

2019-08-05: Ensure the badge label size is correct when the
badge renderer asks for it while updating a profile. Issue
8006

2019-08-05: Don't crash when badge height set to 0. Issue
8007

2019-08-05: Improve wording of advanced pref for tabbar
height in minimal

2019-08-05: Prevent setContentView: from being called
re-entrantly when setting the window type causes the
effective appearance to change. Issue 7995

2019-08-05: Add a command runner pool to manage command
runner lifecycles for the git poll worker. This is an
attempt to fix the flakiness of the git status bar
component. Issue 7705

2019-08-05: Fix some docstrings because there's an enum for
the initial working directory

2019-08-05: Activate the app before showing a modal
sheet/alert. This doesn't cover all of the many modal alerts
because it's just too much to test right after a release. It
fixes issue 7977 - opening the set tab title panel in a
floating hotkey window when another app is active causes the
window to disappear.

2019-08-05: Fix docstrings for other set variables calls

2019-08-05: Fix a bug where opening the open quickly window
would hide the hotkey window

2019-08-05: Make floating panel hotkey windows overlap the
menu bar. Issue 7984

2019-08-05: Fix a bug where closing a native fullscreen
window would cause a new window to be created. Issue 7987

2019-08-05: Change wording of setting to choose beta
channel. Issue 7989

2019-08-05: 3.3.0

2019-08-05: Update release_stable.sh to be very similar to
release_beta.

2019-08-05: Simplify calculating text color for popup
windows

2019-08-05: Revert "Use visual effect views behind popups"

This reverts commit
40c09128189e0cdeceb532232324d2fc77be6bcc.

2019-08-01: Session.async_set_variable(): Document required
`user.` variable prefix (#388)

Fix docstring for session.async_set_variable to mention that
it must begin with `user.` 2019-07-31: Improve git component
logging

2019-07-31: After exiting lion full screen, replace the
window with one of the right type. Fixes a bug where
changing from regular to minimal theme while in full screen
leaves you with a broken window after exiting full screen

2019-07-31: Don't prompt fish users about paste bracketing
because fish turns it on before the prompt. Issue 7968

2019-07-30: Add an advanced pref to disable osc 8
underlining. Issue 7969

2019-07-30: Update tmux window title when pane gets renamed.

2019-07-28: Tweak graphic status bar components to not have
a vertical line at their leftmost point

2019-07-28: Reduce size of ScriptIcon

2019-07-28: Remove lingering reference to Badges docs for
variables

2019-07-28: Remove scary beta warning from Python API docs
page

2019-07-28: Bump minimum python environment

2019-07-28: Prevent a crash when showing the semantic
history backreference popover. Not sure how it would happen,
though.

2019-07-28: Don't crash if a hyperlink trigger makes a bogus
URL

2019-07-28: Prevent crash when asked for the code for a nil
URL or nil params

2019-07-28: Ensure the scripts folder exists before
attempting to install a script

2019-07-28: Update SignedArchive project and main.m. This
should've been in 44d8a296

2019-07-28: Add re-signed .its files for tutorial

2019-07-28: Update signatures of tutorial .its files because
their certs had expired. Add a 'resign' tool to
SignedArchive to make this easy to do.

2019-07-28: Update window style variable when fullscreen
changes

2019-07-27: Show tmux window title in window title when
available. See discussion in issue 6938

2019-07-27: Don't let the search field become first
responder while inside -[NSWindow makeKeyAndOrderFont:]. The
recents menu may be opened as a consequence of it becoming
first responder. That causes macOS to  its britches and the
window doesn't become visible. Issue 7965

2019-07-27: Change floating hot windows max level to be just
under the menu bar. Issue 7963

2019-07-24: Use visual effect views behind popups

2019-07-24: Make notes tool monospace

2019-07-24: Disable rich text in paste special preview. Use
Menlo.

2019-07-24: Fix various minor bugs in Python API docs

2019-07-23: Restore a lot more of the screen state (e.g.,
marks) that was previously not restored for reasons that are
unclear. Ensure the cursor appears after the session
restoration banner.

2019-07-21: 3.3.0beta15

2019-07-21: Add fs-only-status-bar example

2019-07-21: Bump python version

2019-07-21: [python, api] Improvements to subscriptions

- Make it possible to subscribe to variable change
notifications from all windows.  - Fix some python
docstrings that referred to Badges docs for info on
variables.  - Make it possible to use a VariableMonitor for
all windows.  - Add Window.async_get_variable - Fix a bug
where full screen windows didn't get
iTermDidCreateTerminalWindowNotification posted. This
prevented layout change notifications for new windows whose
style was full screen.

2019-07-21: Don't call titlebarAccessoryViewControllers on
non-titled windows because it asserts >:(. Issue 7956

2019-07-20: Fix support for full-height cursor in GPU
renderer

2019-07-20: Make GPU renderer use the proper height for the
vertical bar cursor when there is vertical spacing

2019-07-20: Fix position of frame cursor in GPU renderer to
be consistent with block cursor.

2019-07-20: Fix vertical alignment of images in GPU
renderer. The bottom margin was double counted

2019-07-20: Fix vertical alignment of box-drawing characters
when vertical spacing is enabled. Issue 7932

2019-07-20: Fix text color of advanced prefs in 10.14

2019-07-20: Expose window style through the "style" variable
in the window scope. Legal values are:

"normal"; "non-native full screen"; "native full screen";
"full-width top"; "full-width bottom"; "full-height left";
"full-height right"; "bottom"; "top"; "left"; "right";
"no-title-bar"; "compact"; "accessory";

Expose window frame as a 4-element array in variables. A
dictionary would be better but I don't want to add syntax
for dictionaries now.

2019-07-20: 3.3.0beta14

2019-07-18: Fix a bug when switching from regular to compact
or minimal in a window with at least two tabs where the
titlebar gets stuck on.

2019-07-18: Make APS switcher's delegate weak

2019-07-18: [python] Remove stray print statement

2019-07-18: Improve APS logging

2019-07-18: Improve APS logging

2019-07-18: Add option to save APS logs to script console.
Issue 7953

2019-07-18: Reset inCommand when we get FTCS A. The only
case where it would go YES->NO is when the last-received
code was B, meaning the user was entering a command when a
new prompt came along. I can make this happen in tcsh by
using tab completion when ambiguous to show options. I
tested basic functionality in bash, zsh, and fish and
everything seemed to work with regualr use, aborted
commands, and ambiguous tab completion. Issue 7954

2019-07-18: Fix a bug where you couldn't close all tabs in a
fullscreen window with cmd-shift-w

2019-07-16: Allow polling for working directory up to once a
second until the initial value is determined

2019-07-16: Update BetterFontPicker.framework

2019-07-16: [BFP] Don't use contentSizeForFrameSize because
when legacy scrollbars are enabled it uses them even when
you give it a nil verticalScrollerClass.

2019-07-16: Prevent a crash when finding the range of a word
when there's a complex character whose lookup fails.

2019-07-16: Don't crash if a function call status bar
component has a nil label

2019-07-16: Don't crash on non-UTF8 encoded commands when
getting process name/args

2019-07-14: Fix bug where you couldn't add multiple status
bar items in Catalina. Issue 7875

2019-07-13: Keep the git status bar component from eating
all resources. Limit it to 4 megs of memory, 2 seconds of
CPU time, and run it at the lowest possible priority. When
it fails, erase the content of the status bar component to
avoid showing stale info

2019-07-13: Fix semantic history test

2019-07-10: Allow instant highlight triggers to fire more
than once per line. Issue 7934

2019-07-08: If a tmux window's title is empty, show the
active session's name in the tab.

Don't crash when the user erases a tmux session's tab title
override in edit session prefs.

Fix how validating nil arguments in built-in function method
calls works.

2019-07-08: Reduce the level of floating hotkey windows so
they don't overlap the menu bar. Issue 7924

2019-07-08: Change the keyboard shortcut for zoom to
cmd-shift-0. macOS seems to really want it to be this value.
On some machines, it's forced to be although it doesn't seem
to be tied to a particular OS version. It's annoying to have
shortcuts change, but it's even worse if they differ from
machine to machine for no reason. See issue 7894.

2019-07-03: Send CSI 32;2u for shift+space in CSI u mode.
Issue 7911

2019-07-02: Make it possible to view the output from a
semantic history command when it exits with a nonzero return
code. Issue 7915

2019-07-02: Don't attempt to connect to the ssh agent if you
have a predecessor, who already did it. Seems to be a bug in
NMSSH that calling connectToAgent a second time hangs
